src/gbm-fa25.md, before:

---
title: LUG General Body Meeting
subtitle: Fall 2025
author: CDRLC 1413
date: September 10th, 2025
---

## Welcome to the LUG GBM!

::: columns
:::: column
\Large Check In!

\vspace{.5cm}
![](assets/coe_qr.png)
::::

:::: column
\Large Join the Discord!

\vspace{.5cm}
![](assets/lug-discord-qr.png)
::::
:::

<!-- TOC bcs built in TOC is bugged --->

## Table of Contents
\tableofcontents

# What is LUG?

##
\Huge What is LUG?

## What is Linux?

::: columns
:::: column
- FOSS: Free and Open Source Software
  - Free, as in Libre!

- Operating System Kernel

- "Linux" = Operating System built on Linux
  - Linux Distros

- Runs on everything, everywhere.
  - Android
  - Embedded Systems
  - Old Machines
  - Supercomputers
::::
:::: column
![](assets/tux.svg)
::::
:::

## Why "Linux User Group"?

We like FOSS & Systems/Low Level topics. What can be described as "the Linux ecosystem" encompasses both of these fields. It also helps that a lot of us are interested in it!

NO, you do not *need* to use Linux to join! (But you should!)

NO, you don't need to be a CS Major to join!

YES, you must Open Source software when possible in our projects!

YES, you will have to learn how to *use* Linux!

## Why Linux? - Great for School & Work!

Programmers:

- `nvim`
- Running same software as phones & servers you work on
- Installing compilers & dev tools infinitely easier than Windows...

Artists:

- Blender, Krita, Aseprite, Godot
- Confine Adobe to a VM

Nerds of various flavors:

- Even the most basic programming can make your life easier or elevate projects
- Make your papers pretty with LaTeX!
- Shockingly, nerds write code!

## Why Linux? - Why Not?

::: columns
:::: column
1. It's 2025
- I had to *force* myself to use the terminal
- Games I've played via Proton:
  - GTA V
  - RDR2
  - Death Stranding 
  - Cyberpunk 2077
  - MGSV
  - Marvel Rivals
  - CSGO

2. Windows 11
- System Requirements
- Thanks for just installing Copilot. Cool.
- BSODs
    
::::
:::: column
\vspace{2cm}
![](assets/win11.png)
::::
:::

# Who are we?

##
\Huge Meet the Officers

## President - Michael

::: columns
:::: column
\Large \textbf{Michael Khan}

LUG President
\normalsize

About Me:

- CS Undergrad - Junior

- `@milknolactose` on Discord

- Arch User

- `nvim` > `emacs`

Things I like:

  - Jeff Rosenstock
  - RDR2
  - Metal Gear Solid
  - CyberSecurity
::::
:::: column
![](assets/mike_pfp.png)
::::
:::

## Vice President - Jacob

::: columns
:::: column
\Large \textbf{Jacob Cohen}

LUG Vice President, ACM SIG Systems Lead
\normalsize

About Me:

- CS Ph.D. Student with Dr. Eriksson -- Specializing in systems and systems performance

- `@minimumentropy` on Discord

- Ask me about my research sometime

Things I like outside of CS:

  - Biking
  - Food
  - Travel
  - Games/Movies/TV
::::
:::: column
![](assets/jacob_img.jpeg)
::::
:::

## Treasurer - Harshit

\begin{columns}[T,onlytextwidth]
  \begin{column}{0.56\textwidth}
    {\Large\bfseries Harshit ``Harsh'' Modi}\par\vspace{0.6em}
    {\small
    \setlength{\parskip}{0.4em}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Since 2024. Still here.
      \item \textbf{Treasurer (2025–)} — budget? lol.
      \item \textbf{Arch user} — because I can. And because I’m Batman.
      \item \textbf{Website:} \href{https://harshitmodi.dev}{harshitmodi.dev} — somehow works.
      \item Runs on coffee , regret and sarcasm.
      \item \textbf{Home server} — because therapy is expensive
    \end{itemize}
    }
  \end{column}

  \begin{column}{0.44\textwidth}
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{assets/drunk_tux.jpeg}
  \end{column}
\end{columns}

<!-- Meet the Officers Over --->

## CyberForce Team

::: columns
:::: {.column width=40%}
Team `0x1BADB002`

- Michael Khan
- Jacob Cohen
- Harshit Modi
- Samuel Skean
- Max Nguyen
- Luke Deany
::::
:::: {.column width=60%}
![](assets/cf2024.jpg){width=100%}
::::
:::

## Contributors 

<!-- TODO: Convert block of text into actual presentation slide --->

Thank you so much to our `Contributors`, volunteer students who have made themselves available to help host events, develop workshops, and aid us with all sorts of things when we need extra hands and minds.

Without them, we wouldn't have moved from the SELE to the CDRLC!

If you are interested in being a more active, helping hand, please reach out to us on Discord after the meeting. Be warned you *will* be pinged when we need help, but the benefit is you stay more in the know and you can 

# The LUG Timeline 

##
\Huge The LUG Timeline

## The Past - Website

We've been building a **community-contributed** knowledge-base for Linux users at UIC who...

- Daily-drive Linux
- Use Linux for coursework
- Contribute to LUG
- are interested in learning about Linux, GNU, FOSS, and things of that nature

Our website has been in active development since 2022. You can contribute RIGHT now! It is open source and you are encouraged to make changes!

Currently can be found at `lugatuic.github.io`

## The Past - Projects

::: columns
:::: column
\vspace{1cm}
 - [Bad Apple on our Monitor Wall](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMMLflKIPig)
 - `doorbot`
 - `doorkeeper-driver`
 - `eventfetch`
::::
:::: column 
![Our website!](assets/lug-site.png)
::::
:::

In addition to many, many old repos left untouched on our GitHub.

[`github.com/lugatuic`](https://github.com/lugatuic)

## The Past - Server Rack

TODO: finish


## The Present - CyberForce

::: columns
:::: column
Hosted by Department of Energy

\vspace{.5cm}
Cybersecurity competition

- CTF
- Pre-competition vulnerability scanning, network hardening, etc.
- Live attack by DoE staff during competition proper

\vspace{.5cm}
1 Team this year, potentially more LUG teams in the future!
::::
:::: column
![](assets/cflogo.png)
::::
:::

## The Present - Groups

"Groups" are a new addition to UIC Linux User Group offerrings this semester. Inspired by the ACM Speical Interest Groups (or "SIGS" )

\vspace{.5cm}

- Groups take a lighter approach starting with regular topic related posts on their home on discord. Feel free to join in!

\vspace{1cm}

We already have had a few great responses in the Rubik group and have learned about new software for timings rubik's cubes! Work may begin this semester on forming new groups including one designed around our workstations, small configurable and temporary local networks centered around our dual boot Linux machine GLADOS (in the LUG office) and aimed towards helping beginners learn to run linux, networking or suggest an idea and perhaps we can help!

## Rubik Group

::: columns
:::: column
  ![The Group](assets/Group.jpg)
::::
:::: column
Our First Group. 2x2 timings planned each week!
  ![Timings planned each week!](assets/ATiming.png)
::::
:::

## The Future - Self-Hosting

## The Future - Events

# Getting Involved!

##
\Huge Getting Involved!

## GitHub & Projects

## Starting Groups

## Hosting Events

## Contact & Check In

Commit message:

The Present - Groups more slideshow-y

src/gbm-fa25.md, after:

---
title: LUG General Body Meeting
subtitle: Fall 2025
author: CDRLC 1413
date: September 10th, 2025
---

## Welcome to the LUG GBM!

::: columns
:::: column
\Large Check In!

\vspace{.5cm}
![](assets/coe_qr.png)
::::

:::: column
\Large Join the Discord!

\vspace{.5cm}
![](assets/lug-discord-qr.png)
::::
:::

<!-- TOC bcs built in TOC is bugged --->

## Table of Contents
\tableofcontents

# What is LUG?

##
\Huge What is LUG?

## What is Linux?

::: columns
:::: column
- FOSS: Free and Open Source Software
  - Free, as in Libre!

- Operating System Kernel

- "Linux" = Operating System built on Linux
  - Linux Distros

- Runs on everything, everywhere.
  - Android
  - Embedded Systems
  - Old Machines
  - Supercomputers
::::
:::: column
![](assets/tux.svg)
::::
:::

## Why "Linux User Group"?

We like FOSS & Systems/Low Level topics. What can be described as "the Linux ecosystem" encompasses both of these fields. It also helps that a lot of us are interested in it!

NO, you do not *need* to use Linux to join! (But you should!)

NO, you don't need to be a CS Major to join!

YES, you must Open Source software when possible in our projects!

YES, you will have to learn how to *use* Linux!

## Why Linux? - Great for School & Work!

Programmers:

- `nvim`
- Running same software as phones & servers you work on
- Installing compilers & dev tools infinitely easier than Windows...

Artists:

- Blender, Krita, Aseprite, Godot
- Confine Adobe to a VM

Nerds of various flavors:

- Even the most basic programming can make your life easier or elevate projects
- Make your papers pretty with LaTeX!
- Shockingly, nerds write code!

## Why Linux? - Why Not?

::: columns
:::: column
1. It's 2025
- I had to *force* myself to use the terminal
- Games I've played via Proton:
  - GTA V
  - RDR2
  - Death Stranding 
  - Cyberpunk 2077
  - MGSV
  - Marvel Rivals
  - CSGO

2. Windows 11
- System Requirements
- Thanks for just installing Copilot. Cool.
- BSODs
    
::::
:::: column
\vspace{2cm}
![](assets/win11.png)
::::
:::

# Who are we?

##
\Huge Meet the Officers

## President - Michael

::: columns
:::: column
\Large \textbf{Michael Khan}

LUG President
\normalsize

About Me:

- CS Undergrad - Junior

- `@milknolactose` on Discord

- Arch User

- `nvim` > `emacs`

Things I like:

  - Jeff Rosenstock
  - RDR2
  - Metal Gear Solid
  - CyberSecurity
::::
:::: column
![](assets/mike_pfp.png)
::::
:::

## Vice President - Jacob

::: columns
:::: column
\Large \textbf{Jacob Cohen}

LUG Vice President, ACM SIG Systems Lead
\normalsize

About Me:

- CS Ph.D. Student with Dr. Eriksson -- Specializing in systems and systems performance

- `@minimumentropy` on Discord

- Ask me about my research sometime

Things I like outside of CS:

  - Biking
  - Food
  - Travel
  - Games/Movies/TV
::::
:::: column
![](assets/jacob_img.jpeg)
::::
:::

## Treasurer - Harshit

\begin{columns}[T,onlytextwidth]
  \begin{column}{0.56\textwidth}
    {\Large\bfseries Harshit ``Harsh'' Modi}\par\vspace{0.6em}
    {\small
    \setlength{\parskip}{0.4em}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Since 2024. Still here.
      \item \textbf{Treasurer (2025–)} — budget? lol.
      \item \textbf{Arch user} — because I can. And because I’m Batman.
      \item \textbf{Website:} \href{https://harshitmodi.dev}{harshitmodi.dev} — somehow works.
      \item Runs on coffee , regret and sarcasm.
      \item \textbf{Home server} — because therapy is expensive
    \end{itemize}
    }
  \end{column}

  \begin{column}{0.44\textwidth}
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=\linewidth]{assets/drunk_tux.jpeg}
  \end{column}
\end{columns}

<!-- Meet the Officers Over --->

## CyberForce Team

::: columns
:::: {.column width=40%}
Team `0x1BADB002`

- Michael Khan
- Jacob Cohen
- Harshit Modi
- Samuel Skean
- Max Nguyen
- Luke Deany
::::
:::: {.column width=60%}
![](assets/cf2024.jpg){width=100%}
::::
:::

## Contributors 

<!-- TODO: Convert block of text into actual presentation slide --->

Thank you so much to our `Contributors`, volunteer students who have made themselves available to help host events, develop workshops, and aid us with all sorts of things when we need extra hands and minds.

Without them, we wouldn't have moved from the SELE to the CDRLC!

If you are interested in being a more active, helping hand, please reach out to us on Discord after the meeting. Be warned you *will* be pinged when we need help, but the benefit is you stay more in the know and you can 

# The LUG Timeline 

##
\Huge The LUG Timeline

## The Past - Website

We've been building a **community-contributed** knowledge-base for Linux users at UIC who...

- Daily-drive Linux
- Use Linux for coursework
- Contribute to LUG
- are interested in learning about Linux, GNU, FOSS, and things of that nature

Our website has been in active development since 2022. You can contribute RIGHT now! It is open source and you are encouraged to make changes!

Currently can be found at `lugatuic.github.io`

## The Past - Projects

::: columns
:::: column
\vspace{1cm}
 - [Bad Apple on our Monitor Wall](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMMLflKIPig)
 - `doorbot`
 - `doorkeeper-driver`
 - `eventfetch`
::::
:::: column 
![Our website!](assets/lug-site.png)
::::
:::

In addition to many, many old repos left untouched on our GitHub.

[`github.com/lugatuic`](https://github.com/lugatuic)

## The Past - Server Rack

TODO: finish


## The Present - CyberForce

::: columns
:::: column
Hosted by Department of Energy

\vspace{.5cm}
Cybersecurity competition

- CTF
- Pre-competition vulnerability scanning, network hardening, etc.
- Live attack by DoE staff during competition proper

\vspace{.5cm}
1 Team this year, potentially more LUG teams in the future!
::::
:::: column
![](assets/cflogo.png)
::::
:::

## The Present - Groups

"Groups" term inspired by `/etc/group`

ACM SIGs:

- Semester long project
- SIG Leader leads SIG members, teaches them
- Formal start, process, and finish

LUG Groups:

- Project only required to be open source and on GitHub
- Members self-organize; Leaders okay, but likely lots of splintering if vague
- Extend & contribute to your heart's content!

Pitch in `/etc/group` in our server! As long as people are interested, you're good to go! We have workstations, servers, etc., so please reach out!

## The Present - Group Rubik

::: columns
:::: column
  ![The Group](assets/Group.jpg)
::::
:::: column
Our First Group. 2x2 timings planned each week!
  ![Timings planned each week!](assets/ATiming.png)
::::
:::

## The Future - Self-Hosting

## The Future - Events

# Getting Involved!

##
\Huge Getting Involved!

## GitHub & Projects

## Starting Groups

## Hosting Events

## Contact & Check In
